**Problem 13.7**. The set $A=\{1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6\}$. How many subsets of $A$ are there:

(a) in all 
 As mentioned in lecture, we can replace each number in $A$ with the set $\{0, 1\}$ and find all possible combinations where either the first or second element in the set is selected. For instance, we can look, at the set $[2]:\{1, 2\}$. We perform the operation where we replace every element with $\{1, 2\}$, and the set now looks like this: $\{\{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}\}$. Now, all we have to do is find all of the different combinations, which is just the number $2^n$ where $n$ is the number of elements in the initial set. In the case of the example, $n=2$ so we have 4 total combinations:
 $$\{0, 0\}\text{ or }\{0, 1\}\text{ or }\{1, 1\}\text{ or }\{1, 0\}$$
Going back to $A$, we have 6 elements so the total number of combinations would be bigger, or $2^6=64$ total possible combinations to be precise.

(b) having $\{1, 2, 3\}$ as a subset 
Just like how we did part (a), we can reuse our strategy and just change some parameters to fit the aforementioned requirements. since $A=\{1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6\}$ and in this case we need to have the $1, 2, 3$ part stay the same, we can treat $A$ as just a set of 3 changing values that we want to look at. We replace said numbers with the set of $\{0, 1\}$ again, and then find the total number of possible combinations.
$$A=\{1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6\}\rightarrow\{1, 2, 3, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}\}$$
Again, since the $1, 2, 3$ part is static then the only things changing is the $4, 5, 6$, which gives us a set of size $n=3$ changing values. This gives us $2^3=8$ total combinations of set $A$ with $1, 2, 3$ as a subset.

\(c\) having at least 1 odd number 
Having at least 1 odd number in our case means that at least 1 number of the set $\{1, 3, 5\}$ exists within the combinations of set $A$.  Finding every subset of $A$ with only the number 1 and adding that number to the number of subsets of $A$ with only the number 3 in it and so on would take way too much time, so the easier way is to just find the number of possible combinations of $A$ that contains only even numbers and subtract the total possible combinations of $A$ from that number that we just found. 
To find the number of possible subsets of $A$ that contain only even numbers, all we have to do is find the size of the power set of $\{2, 4, 6\}$.  The size is $n=3$, and $2^3=8$ so there are 8 possible combinations of $A$ that have only even numbers. We then just need to find the total number of possible subsets of $A$ and subtract 8 from that. We found said number in part (a), so we have $64-8=56$ possible combinations of $A$ that contain at least 1 odd number.

(d) having exactly 1 even number?

We can do something similar to (b), but instead we just add the size of the power sets of $\{1, 2, 3, 5\}$ and $\{1, 3, 4, 5\}$ and $\{1, 3, 5, 6\}$. In each of those sets, there is only 1 even number. We can treat that as a static number that we always want in that set, and then find the number of combinations possible for each of those sets and add them up to find the total number of subsets of $A$ having exactly 1 even number. For the sake of the question, I have labelled them as $A_2, A_4, \text{and }A_6$.

$$A_2: \{1, 2, 4, 5\}\rightarrow\{2, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}\}\newline A_4:\{1, 3, 4, 5\}\rightarrow\{4, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}\}\newline A_6:\{1, 3, 5, 6\}\rightarrow\{6, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}, \{0, 1\}\}$$
Again, since only 3 elements in each of the sets are changing, in order to find the number of possible combinations we just go back to the formula $2^n=$ number of possible combinations.
In each of our sets, $n=3$ so we have $2^3=8$ possible combinations for each set which brings us to $8+8+8=24$ total subsets in $A$ that have exactly 1 even number.
